=ProGauge ICP SOAP Interface=
Author:             ProGauge Technologies Inc.
Website:            http://www.progauge.us/datasoftware.php
Email:              scada@progauge.us
Code repository:    https://github.com/progauge-scada/ProGauge-ICP-SOAP-Interface
Current version:    1.02

==Purpose==
The ProGauge Intermediate Communication Portal (ICP™) is a robust data collection, storage, and management device. Proprietary drivers allow the ICP™ to integrate with several data aggregation devices and present the data through a web-based human-machine interface (HMI) known as the Operator Interface.

Ordinarily, a ProGauge ICP™ will synchronize its data with the ProGauge Prime™ network, to allow for quick and secure access from anywhere in the world.  Unfortunately, many legacy supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA) and distributed control system (DCS) applications do not permit modern web infrastructure such as distributed computation, and must rely on IP address white-listing and "security through obscurity" to maintain system integrity. In response to this, ProGauge has committed to providing and maintaining an open architecture for interfacing with the ICP™ directly, utilizing the  widely used Simple Object Access Protocol (SOAP) for maximum compatibility with third-party systems.

==Recent changes==
===v1.02===
* Deprecated the getTagValuesAsOf() and getTagValuesLatest() functions in favor of getTagSetValuesAsOf() and getTagSetValuesLatest(), respectively.
** These functions will be kept for backward-compatibility purposes until version 1.05
* Implemented a new function: getTagAggregateAggregateValues()
** Use this function to obtain hourly or daily aggregate data such as point count, sum, and average.
* Cleaned up the sample client code, and added descriptive tooltips where appropriate.
* Added the ability to easily switch between ICPs™.

==Features==
This software demonstrates the SOAP interface for communicating with a ProGauge ICP™.
* Simple functions for extracting tag values from the ProGauge ICP™
* Access raw collected data from field devices, manually-entered data from the Operator Interface, or data generated by the ICP™'s calculation system.
* Built-in methods for batch-querying tags, and obtaining historical values from any instant in time
* Support for querying Alarms and Events coming soon!

==Usage==
# Open the Visual Studio 2010 project, "ICP Soap Interface Tester"
# Build the project and run (no additional libraries are required)
# Use the controls provided in the "Tag Value Demo" form to obtain tag values from the ProGauge/Emerson Flowloop (http://www.scadademo.com)
# Use the provided Web Services Description Language file (WSDL) to build your own implementation, adapted to your ProGauge ICP™.

==Additional References==
* ProGauge ICP™ Product Brochure: http://www.progauge.us/docs/ProGauge_Prime_Brochure_110512.pdf
* ProGauge/Emerson Flowloop Website: http://www.scadademo.com

==License==
ProGauge ICP SOAP Interface is released under the MIT license. See http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License for more details.